Add preserve IP to gcp docs (#5723)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/guides/integrations/google_cloud/_index.md

- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Network Load Balancer](#network-load-balancer)
- [HTTPS Load Balancer](#https-load-balancer)

> - [Preserve Client IP](#preserve-client-ip)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Preserve Client IP Address](#preserve-client-ip-address)
```

```

The application should be accessible through the Load Balancer.

> ### Preserve Client IP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Preserve Client IP Address
```

> To preserve the client IP you need to configure gloo as follows:

Reviewer: What is the main change in the configuration? Maybe we could summarize it in the description. To me, it seemed like the following:
```suggestion
1. To preserve the client IP address, update the `gateway-proxy-ssl` component in your Gloo Edge configuration to include the `useRemoteAddress: true` setting.
```

Author: Applied an alternative sentence but with the same idea. cheers

```yaml
[...]
gloo:
  [...]
  gatewayProxies:
    [...]
    gatewayProxy:
      gatewaySettings:
        useProxyProto: false

>         # This is be for the default gateway-proxy. Since you have exposed the ssl proxy, it is not needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # Comment out this section about the default gateway-proxy, because you are using the SSL proxy instead.
```

        #customHttpGateway: 
        #  options:
        #    httpConnectionManagerSettings:
        #      skipXffAppend: false
        #      useRemoteAddress: true
        #      xffNumTrustedHops: 2

>         customHttpsGateway: # This is be for the default gateway-proxy-ssl

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        customHttpsGateway: # Include this section to configure the default gateway-proxy-ssl.
```

          options:
            httpConnectionManagerSettings:
              skipXffAppend: false
              useRemoteAddress: true

>               xffNumTrustedHops: 2

Reviewer 2: is it always '2'? can we clarify which network components are skipped there? (LB and NEG? I don't know)

Author: Explanation has been added in this commit a bit below in the doc.
https://github.com/solo-io/gloo/pull/5723/commits/ceb49735049646d236920a5388a3956314f74807

```

> Try to reach the application through tls:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Try to reach the application through a TLS connection.
```

```bash
APP_IP=$(gcloud compute addresses describe my-gloo-edge-loadbalancer-address-https --global --format=json | jq -r '.address')

curl -k "https://${APP_IP2}/get" -H "Host: my-gloo-edge.com"
```

> And you will retrieve a response as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the response, notice that the `X-Envoy-External-Address` attribute is your own, preserved IP address.
```

```json
{
  "args": {},
  "headers": {
    "Accept": "*/*",
    "Host": "?.?.?.?",
    "User-Agent": "curl/7.71.1",
    "X-Cloud-Trace-Context": "41592735775f098300927fcb246??????/162040?????????",
    "X-Envoy-Expected-Rq-Timeout-Ms": "15000",
    "X-Envoy-External-Address": "xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx"
  },
  "origin": "xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx, y.y.y.y, z.z.z.z",
  "url": "https://?.?.?.?/get"
}
```

> Notice that the `X-Envoy-External-Address` attribute is your own IP.

Reviewer: (moving this up to the step)
```suggestion

```
